Create Charm Architecture Reference (#270)
canonical/k8s-snap: docs/src/reference/architecture.md

Reviewer: Does it make sense to split the snap and charm architecture?
@evilnick wdyt?

- The **API**: The API over HTTP serves the CLI and is also used to
  programmatically drive the Kubernetes cluster. 

## Canonical K8s charms

> Canonical `k8s` Charms encompass two primary components: the [`k8s` charm][K8s charm] and the [`k8s-worker` charm][K8s-worker charm].

Author: @bschimke95 

Where would  people likely be searching?  On charmhub they are loving titled `k8s` and `k8s-worker`.  This doc links to the charms on charmhub.io.  Do you think a link to the k8s-operator gh repo might be nice here too?

```{kroki} ../assets/charms-architecture.puml
```

> Charms are instantiated on a machine as a juju unit, and a collection of units 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Charms are instantiated on a machine as a Juju unit, and a collection of units 
```

constitutes an application. Both `k8s` and `k8s-worker` units are responsible
for installing and managing its machine's `k8s` snap, however the charm type determines

> the node's role in the kubernetes cluster. The `k8s` charm manages `control-plane` nodes,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the node's role in the Kubernetes cluster. The `k8s` charm manages `control-plane` nodes,
```

> whereas the `k8s-worker` charm manages kubernetes `worker` nodes. The administrator manages 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
whereas the `k8s-worker` charm manages Kubernetes `worker` nodes. The administrator manages 
```

the cluster via the `juju` client, directing the `juju` controller to reach the model's 

> eventually consistent state. See the [juju docs][Juju docs] to understand more juju's concepts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
eventually consistent state. For more detail on Juju's concepts, see the [Juju docs][].
```

The administrator may choose any supported cloud-types (Openstack, MAAS, AWS, GCP, Azure...) on
which to manage the machines making up the Kubernetes cluster. Juju selects a single leader unit
per application to act as a centralized figure with the model. The `k8s` leader oversees kubernetes 

> bootstrapping and enlisting of new nodes. Follower `k8s` units will join the cluster utilizing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
bootstrapping and enlistment of new nodes. Follower `k8s` units will join the cluster using
```

secrets shared through relation data from the leader. The entire lifecycle of the deployment
is orchestrated by the `k8s` charm, with tokens and cluster-related information being exchanged 
through Juju relation data.

Furthermore, the `k8s-worker` unit functions exclusively as a worker within the cluster, establishing
a relation with the `k8s` leader unit and requesting tokens and cluster-related information through

> relation data. The `k8s` leader is responsible for issuing these tokens and revoking them when if

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
relation data. The `k8s` leader is responsible for issuing these tokens and revoking them if
```

a unit administratively departs the cluster.

> Moreover, the `k8s` charm supports the integration of other compatible charms, enabling integrations 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `k8s` charm also supports the integration of other compatible charms, enabling integrations 
```
